Explain how to manually enable Serde support for num-rational and num-bigint (#272)
iliekturtles/uom: README.md

 * `use_serde` -- Feature to enable support for serialization and deserialization of quantities
   with the [Serde][serde] crate. Disabled by default.

> Note that you need to manually enable Serde support for the optional `num-rational` and
> `num-bigint` dependencies if you intend to (de)serialize quantities based on the related storage types.
> To do so, you can add one or both of the following lines to your Cargo.toml:
> 
> ```toml
> num-rational = { version = "*", features = ["serde"] }
> num-bigint = { version = "*", features = ["serde"] }
> ```
> 

Reviewer: Sorry I lost track of this PR. I had a lot going on at the end of September and just didn't follow up once things calmed down.

 * Include the additional text inside the `use_serde` bullet point.
 * Wrap at the 100 character mark.
 * I've included some updated text below that calls out this is only required for certain underlying storage types.
 * Once text is finalized it also needs to be added to `lib.rs` https://github.com/iliekturtles/uom/blob/fe7f0b38ca1daffe67dd60b3adb1676766f0caec/src/lib.rs#L98-L102

```suggestion
   [Serde][serde] support for the `big*` and `rational*` underlying storage types requires manually
   enabling the `serde` feature for the `num-rational` and `num-bigint` crates. To do so, you can
   add one or both of the following lines to your `Cargo.toml`:

   ```toml
   num-rational = { version = "*", features = ["serde"] }
   num-bigint = { version = "*", features = ["serde"] }
   ```

```
